In this video, we're going to go ahead
and download the Java development kit
also known as the JDK, we're going to do
that on a Mac computer. Now if you're
running Windows or a Linux machine,
you'll want to check out the separate
video that I've created for each of
those operating systems and that's
because the process is slightly
different for each operating system so
this is the Mac video, so if you're in it
if you're actually on a Mac you're in
the right place, so I'm going to start
off here by opening a browser and we're
going to go to Java.oracle.com
and Oracle is the name of the
company that owned the Java product, once
you get to that page, you can come down
here to technologies click on java SE
which stands for standard edition with
that page loads click on downloads so
it'll bring you to this page, we're going
to click on this little image here to
download the JDK, now you'll get a page
it opens up and it will say Java SE
development kit as you can see here and
you'll choose the version that's showing,
so at the moment it says Java is the
development kit 8u144, 144 is the
release number, the Oracle actually
update this on a regular basis, so this
number will change over time, it will
certainly change from the date that I've
recorded this video, so I'm going to run
this page so you can just grab whatever
version that is currently available,
the other thing we need to do is look over
here to the right of where it says Mac
OSX and click on this thing here and it
lets you come up if you haven't clicked
on already this accept License Agreement
it will remind you you need to do that
so I pick that radio button and then
come over here again click it and this
time which should download. Now I'm going
to actually download this on my computer
and you can see that I've already done
this in the past but just for the
purposes of doing it again, I'm going to
do the same thing and just save it again
and you can see it downloading in the
left hand bottom corner, I'm going to
pause the video to that's finished and
see it's finished there I just need to
click on here and click on open or
depending on the browser you're using
you might need to navigate to the folder
where you downloaded the product, you'll
get this little pop-up double click this
now, start installation and click on continue
in front install, will come up and ask
you for your password so enter your
details, it'll go ahead and actually do
the installation for us.
Close and we have that option
click on move to trash because we're
finished with that now. We'll close that
down so I can close the browser down and
so that's it we've now installed with
the Java development kit on a Mac and see
you in the next video.